In this video, we'll cover the shopping cart
with incrementing the item quantity.
So we'll have some new buttons here
to increment and decrement the item quantity,
and this video will focus on adding the code for increment.
We'll cover decrement in some of the upcoming videos.
So here's our development process.
We're going to modify the CartDetailsComponent HTML template.
We'll add the increment button.
We'll also add a click handler
for the increment button on the HTML template.
And then we'll also update our CartDetailsComponent
with the click handler method.
Okay, step one of modifying
the CartDetailsComponent HTML template.
So we'll add this new button,
and then we'll setup this class.
We'll make use of fa-plus,
that's the Font Awesome Plus icon.
And then we'll also have code for the On Click event,
we'll call the method incrementQuantity,
and we'll pass in the tempCartItem.
All right, step two of updating the CartDetailsComponent
with the click handler method.
So in our CartDetailsComponent.ts,
we'll have this method incrementQuantity.
They pass in the theCartItem,
and we simply delegate this call
to this.cartService.addToCart, and pass in theCartItem.
And that's basically it for the coding for increment.
Okay, so let's go ahead and swing into our IDE
and let's write the code.